[tor-fleet-managed]
tor.node1.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node2.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node3.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node4.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node5.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node6.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node7.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node8.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node9.shadowbrokers.eu 
tor.node10.shadowbrokers.eu 
tor.node11.shadowbrokers.eu 
tor.node12.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node13.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node14.shadowbrokers.eu 
tor.node15.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node16.shadowbrokers.eu
tor.node17.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node18.shadowbrokers.eu 
tor.node19.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node21.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node22.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node23.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node24.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node26.shadowbrokers.eu 
tor.node27.shadowbrokers.eu tor_exit_enabled_conf=yes
tor.node28.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node29.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node30.shadowbrokers.eu tor_exit_enabled_conf=yes
tor.node31.shadowbrokers.eu tor_exit_enabled_conf=yes
tor.node32.shadowbrokers.eu tor_exit_enabled_conf=yes
tor.node33.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no

[setup]
tor.node21.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node22.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node23.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no
tor.node24.shadowbrokers.eu ipv6_enabled_conf=no

[migrate]
